PC and Mac connections might can help
you hi Hey I would like to talk to you
about Thomas Aquinas Thomas Aquinas 7
insistence model 101 systems I'm not
showing any credence for 17 system model
101 5 3 4 5 yeah every time sweet one
second
thank you for calling pinkie connection
and Matt connection please press 1 for
corporate business sales press 2 for
consumer sales press 3 for government
are educational for us to place an order
or inquire about a product or service
please press 1 for non-technical you see
in that connections Mike can help you
good morning on it how are you good are
you doing good - what's that
Thomas Aquinas loves computer business
uh Saturday essence model 101 what's the
model again Sabbath on systems model 101
do you have an actual item number for it
yes not pulling anything up for five two
four five two California where's Bato
oh I would say you're talking about I
was actually looking for an item number
in her system for a part that was uh we
have a really funky connection so it's
hard to hear yeah so you trying to pull
up your your account with us is that
what you're doing yeah okay let me put
in your phone number I want to
have you ever ordered from us before
yeah what's your what's the business
name again yes Thomas Aquinas the coin
how you spell your last name Thomas
Aquinas fado
I'm not finding anything you trust me I
know I'm trying to pull up here
information I'm not finding you what's
your phone number my CPU is a neural net
processor a learning computer